Upstream internal jsonnet changes (#6764)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

> * [CHANGE] Ingester: Increase default value of `-blocks-storage.tsdb.head-postings-for-matchers-cache-max-bytes` and `-blocks-storage.tsdb.block-postings-for-matchers-cache-max-bytes` to 100 MiB (defaults to 10 MiB). #6764

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Ingester: Increase default value of `-blocks-storage.tsdb.head-postings-for-matchers-cache-max-bytes` and `-blocks-storage.tsdb.block-postings-for-matchers-cache-max-bytes` to 100 MiB (previous default value was 10 MiB). #6764
```
